I should be asking you this
You see clearly
This is obviously the car I took
This little girl can't be the last car, right?
pay
Anyway, on the way
Then let's go together
Okay, then you transfer the fare to me.
A total of 30 yuan 8
Just transfer me 15 yuan.
Come on! This guy is so poor he doesn't even have 15 bucks.
I don't have any cash on me
You can swipe as many as you want with this card.
Give me back my credit card and ask me to pay off your debts
Uh, no.
For the sake of your injury today
I'll give you a ride.
Just got out of a dust pit
How did I meet another liar?
Luckily I didn't tell him about the hotel that day
Hello, you two are here, thank you.
Why is the mobile phone so broken that it has not been replaced?
Miss, I have arrived at the address you located.
May I ask who you are?
I've arrived.
Could it be
We took the wrong bus
charges
Thank you for your hard work, hurry up, hurry up, hurry up